6/16/04 Travel 9.5hrs
	Ray Marin @ Duke, 30min Cell

6/17/04	Luck, 8:30A-4:30P
	Serial convertor dropping characters, moved densitometer to another PC.
	Corrected severe bug in exiting program (lcd object hung on release).
	Added code to print the Pictographics LUT image if Pictographics is enabled (QC Screen).
	Added current LUT setting information to the QC screen.
	Added current LUT setting information to the LUT screen.
	Added ability to specify the reference LUT to use for the Picto calculation on the LUT Screen.
	DVP2 Printer importing densitometer values needed to multiply by 100 for Muellersohn conversion.
	DVP2 Printer importing densitometer values needed to remove white space from each line upon conversion.
	Picto Import, densitometer not reading proper # of strips, reading delimiters as strips.
	DVP2 Printer broken power cable to LCD prevented 8x10 printing
	DVP2 Printer lamphouse settings unusually low (0,65,105), HOWEVER - Dmax has been achieved!
	APS, 5:00P-8:00P
	Initial LUT prints 25 points light on Green and Blue.
	Created Picto LUT and printed samples, saw anomolies in gradient, especially in the highlights/gradient.
	Cleared LUT and added exposure time, doubling Green & Blue to achieve target DMAX (within 4pts).
	Picto Import, densitometer not reading proper # of strips, reading delimiters as strips. ** Same as Luck
	
6/18/04	Luck, 8:00A-
	Printed several new picto LUT images (8x10 format to test reading).
	Printed several original picto LUT images for manual reading (copied from original rev of DVP2).
	Printed Fuji calibration image to check Muellersohn LUT performance - dmin/dmax, gradations.
	* The Fuji calibration image looks good... dmax/dmin at mfg target, sharp focus.
	Manually read picto LUT and calculated, printed more picto LUTs and ICC Target (ColorFlow/Gretag-MacBeth).
	Received update from Gerry to remove erroneous data from the read - first two updates did not work - corrupted the data file.
	DVP2 - modified the LUT import routine to parse out bad data based upon readings from densitometer (+/- 10-15 points of bad reads are thrown out).
	Generated new LUT using auto readings along with DVP2 picto import - generated much smoother LUT than manual readings with 810!!
	Read 2nd Picto LUT referencing first Picto LUT (#4), new lut is higher curve, less slope, more color seperation.
	* Discovered Gerry's program does not store information in proper order - received new version that does.
	Read in the original Picto lut using the new program, computed, ran new targets (12:35P).
	Created ICC based on 2nd PIcto LUT and ran initial tests at 1:40PM.  Version 3.7.20.
	
	
